the guys will be closer to the
khan garden
today I want to talk about how's Cup
The cup is from Brazil, far from Brazil.
How are the Germans in this fever?
of the world cup and I will not have masterclin
I just came from makeup but came to
light there is a will of the beyond but yes I
I know and that's it, let's see if
question and yes that calm zone more
this lawyer high she does and there it is
my soccer handbag
the event also does not it usually is
so does not have all that narrated pose
night in the city that I everyone to
city is small and in the city that
I also do not know if you do not
you think rocket arrives at things like this
not so much noise but if they
Understand all the cars that
little flag full of hit a lot
He has a game tomorrow, I have a good time.
hall my boy funds the flag
and our house to be adorned with
germany flags of brazil our
room has type the well and so with the
table of games and so we will
put result then all the time
world eating everyone talk about
This I have with me, it's okay with you.
It's Brazil, it equalized with Mexico, is not it
While I have commented game
French is also your commercial TV bag
of Brazil
You go on your battery has an ice cream
of Caibi canopy hut beer name
Brazil, it's cool.
the kiss
And the guy I do not know plays the game of nigeria.
hence they filled the center of nigeria in
curitiba and it's very massive had mexico
it would be cool're seeing because I
I always watch a glass on the tv every time
here was also on tv in brazil should
It's okay to go out on the street and not everything.
world
the type of game or your side closely
So you know more about Brazil playing.
hence in Brazil all this party that must
Talk to me, I kind of play with him here.
I get nervous party too but whatever the
brazil game in brazil so much of horn
that the fireworks must have been so
It's a little sad to pass the cup on the
Brazil
But I already knew that I chose and it is not
100 Our lady dying is cool
because then you see this people that the
Do people tell you about Brazil?
you see how it is
is the image of one country to another fish
how they speak of Brazil is here
very cool to see, it's like what happens on tv
about Brazil what people are saying
me or sometimes things do not go
well what it is but it's cool so it comes too
the other good side is that I would like to have
tin team at the stadium chrome would not
if they already present themselves but today they are seeing
close I would like but it is also being
It's very cool to see the
being spoken in Brazil and here it is so
is not so much the zoeira cantô of good and that
but the technical people are surprised at the
meaning of ram
started a lot they will make your
games
legally I do not know how much stocking is
night because the games
Who is 7?
It's when the irs 7 o'clock
the game here my resident mother a
watching we'll have the interest of
all
the people in the room too and the whole school
eating until the teacher arrived then
everybody talking there is yes and then he
you can choose from to comment on the cup
then in range
This is normal for me in the selection in the cup.
there we had a meeting between
the exchange students who are here in
city or near then there were five in which
the head of all the experiments next
allows the organization here and there in
home made with a salad a
my idea our coordinator took
photo and sent yes and that's cool
talk about world cup fever and
Hence the canopy of Brazil.
Brazil, that 's kind of crazy, that 's how it is.
funny
so that was a short video today and
Wednesday and I look at a proto
and I do not even know if I'll stay at home and then
tonight in germany will be in
home for Christmas
with this my uncle a video about the
German is also aware of the inscriptions if
enter my channel and unhinged the
I liked that you would like to change
that's it
the next video of the attack and in the middle of the
week and yesterday Wednesday
Sat, this is a kiss and until the next
Month in Brazil, good cup